README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">


  <h3><b>Create-your-own-Enumerable
</b></h3>

</div>


# 📗 Table of Contents


- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Create-your-own-Enumerable\] ](#-Create-your-own-Enumerable)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) ](#-faq-optional-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)


# 📖 [Create-your-own-Enumerable] <a name="about-project"></a>
Create your own Enumerable is a project to create a class MyList and a module MyEnumerable. Our module MyEnumerable will implement a subset of the functionality of Enumerable.
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
Ruby

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/>Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>



### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Simulation of #all? method**
- **Simulation of #any? method**
- **Simulation of #filter method**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Web browser
- Code editor
- Good internet connection

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:



```sh
  cd create_enumerable
  git clone git@github.com:tamoorsaeed22/Create-your-own-Enumerable.git
```


### Install

Install this project with:


### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
   ruby my_list.rb
```


### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Tamoor Saeed**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/tamoorsaeed22)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tamoor-saeed-58912a233/)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Shaheryar Abid**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Shaheryar0054)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/sharyar0310)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaheryar-abid/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>


-  **Simulation of #chunk method**
-  **Simulation of #collect method**
-  **Simulation of #chain method**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project so please don't forget to give it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank all code reviewers for making this project better.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

- **Can i run it on my local machine or do i need to host it on the internet?**

  - [Yes you can run it on your local machine. Just make sure that you install the required dependecies as stated in the installation part above]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>
This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
=======

Commit message:

Modify READme with install, usage , tests content

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">


  <h3><b>Create-your-own-Enumerable
</b></h3>

</div>


# 📗 Table of Contents


- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Create-your-own-Enumerable\] ](#-Create-your-own-Enumerable)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) ](#-faq-optional-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)


# 📖 [Create-your-own-Enumerable] <a name="about-project"></a>
Create your own Enumerable is a project to create a class MyList and a module MyEnumerable. Our module MyEnumerable will implement a subset of the functionality of Enumerable.
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
Ruby

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/>Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>



### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Simulation of #all? method**
- **Simulation of #any? method**
- **Simulation of #filter method**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Ruby installed and running.
- You should be able to use IRB.


### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
```sh
  cd create_enumerable
  git clone git@github.com:tamoorsaeed22/Create-your-own-Enumerable.git
```


### Install

Install this project with:
```
cd cd Create-your-own-Enumerable
gem install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
   ruby my_list.rb
```


### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:
```
- Run rubocop
```
### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Tamoor Saeed**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/tamoorsaeed22)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tamoor-saeed-58912a233/)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Shaheryar Abid**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Shaheryar0054)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/sharyar0310)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaheryar-abid/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>


-  **Simulation of #chunk method**
-  **Simulation of #collect method**
-  **Simulation of #chain method**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project so please don't forget to give it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank all code reviewers for making this project better.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

- **Can i run it on my local machine or do i need to host it on the internet?**

  - [Yes you can run it on your local machine. Just make sure that you install the required dependecies as stated in the installation part above]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>
This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
=======
